Checkpoint Harmony and Email Collaboration Integration (#20669)
DataDog/integrations-core: cp_harmony_ec/README.md

# Agent Check: cp_harmony_ec

## Overview

[Checkpoint Harmony Email and Collaboration][1] provides advanced protection for email and collaboration platforms such as Microsoft 365 and Google Workspace. It analyzes email content, user behavior, and threat indicators to detect phishing attempts, malware, and data leaks, helping organizations secure sensitive information and maintain business continuity.

This integration enables visibility into threat types, user targeting patterns, sender activity, and domain-level log analytics. Pre-built dashboard visualizations provide additional insights to help detect anomalies and assess security posture.

## Setup

> Set up the [Datadog Forwarder][2].
> 
> Configure an [AWS S3 bucket to receive logs][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up the [Datadog Forwarder][2].
1. Configure an [AWS S3 bucket to receive logs][3].
```

The Datadog Agent is not required for this integration.

### Configuration

**Configuring the Checkpoint Harmony Email and Collaboration platform to send logs to your S3 bucket**

> - Refer to this [link][4] to more on this.

Reviewer: Still confused about this section. It seems like the configuration step you have here is covered in Setup step 2 (`Configure an [AWS S3 bucket to receive logs][3]`), no?

## Overview

Here are some insights that can be drawn from the dashboard:

- **Threat Activity Trends**: Monitor types of threats and suspicious email behavior over time.
Targeted User Analysis: Identify and track the most frequently targeted users.
- **Sender Insights**: Analyze top sender IP addresses and domains to detect recurring threat sources.
- **Log Volume Breakdown**: View log volume segmented by matched security tools and verdicts.
- **Confidence Level Monitoring**: Track trends in detection confidence levels to assess alert reliability.
- **Domain-Level Analytics**: Examine log volume by customer domain for focused security insights.
- **Behavioral Monitoring**: Evaluate user and domain behaviors to identify anomalies and potential threats.

## Setup

**Setting up Datadog Forwarder**
- Refer to this link to know on how to setup [Datadog Forwarder][2]

**Sending Logs to S3 Bucket**

> - Refer to this link to know on how to send logs to AWS S3 bucket. [link][3]

Author: Updated

### Installation

> The Datadog Agent need not be installed for this integration.

Author: Updated

### Configuration

**Configuring the Checkpoint Harmony Email and Collaboration platform to send logs to your S3 bucket**

> - Refer to this [link][4] to more on this.

Author: Updated Readme file

### Validation

> Once the configuration is done, you can validate it by confirming if the logs are being ingested in Datadog Platform.

Author: Updated

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> cp_harmony_ec does not include any metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checkpoint Harmony Email and Collaboration integration does not include any metrics.
```

Author: Updated

### Events

> The cp_harmony_ec integration does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checkpoint Harmony Email and Collaboration integration does not include any events.
```

Author: Updated

### Service Checks

> The cp_harmony_ec integration does not include any service checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checkpoint Harmony Email and Collaboration integration does not include any service checks.
```
